Sent on behalf of MSH UHN AMO Management – Dr. Barry Rubin, Chair, Dr. Paul Tenenbein, Vice-Chair, Jeff Murphy, AFP Director
 
EMERGENT ACCESS TO INNOVATION FUNDS TO SUPPORT OUR BATTLE AGAINST COVID19 – CALL FOR PROPOSALS – DISTRIBUTE TO YOUR MEMBERS IMMEDIATELY
 
The COVID19 pandemic is causing an unprecedented health care crisis. To win this battle, we will need unparalleled innovative approaches.  Accordingly, Management of the SHS UHN Academic Medicine Organization has identified $2.5 million of innovation funds, available immediately, to support innovative initiatives that will help front line staff safely manage patients with COVID-19 infection.
 
Given that time is of the essence, this call for proposals will close at 4:00 pm on Thursday April 9, 2020.  Management of the AMO will adjudicate the proposals and will communicate its decisions on Monday April 13, 2020.  Funds will be made available immediately.
 
Given the unprecedented environment in which we find ourselves, we will not be following the usual innovation fund rules.  Specifically
·       The maximum total funding available for any project will be $500,000 – we need impactful results that we can implement rapidly
·       We are asking for a 1 page letter of intent and a second page to include a sketch of a budget – under the circumstances we trust all applicants will expend funds in good faith, the only limitation will be salary support for physicians as per existing rules
·       There will not be any limitation on purchasing the infrastructure reasonably needed to complete and operationalize the innovation
·       Priority will be given to projects that provide for pragmatic solutions to the delivery of health care during the crisis
·       Another priority will be health care provider wellness
·       Clinical trials may be considered but will be given a relativity lower priority given other funding currently available for such initiatives
 
The only ongoing requirement is that the applicant is an SHS UHN AFP group participating physician. 
 
All proposals are to be emailed directly to Richard Getty (richard.getty@uhn.ca) by no later than 4:00 pm on Thursday April 9, 2020.
 
We understand the timelines are tight, but we don’t have the luxury of time.  Management will endeavor to make equitable decisions under the circumstances. 
 
Sincerely
 
MSH UHN AMO Management
Dr. Barry Rubin, Chair
Dr. Paul Tenenbein, Vice-Chair
Jeff Murphy, AFP Director
